Readme.md, before:

# 3lite Design  
Milestone 4 Project for Code Institute  
This project is designed to showcase a Fullstack Website for a Graphic Design Company  
It allows them to Showcase their Portfolio and sell there products directly to customers.  

## Travis Build Status  
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/jsnbly/milestone4.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/jsnbly/milestone4)  

## UX  

Landing Page Wireframe -  https://github.com/jsnbly/milestone4/tree/master/UX/wireframes/index.png   



## Features  
User Account Registration to allow users to save items for purchase and have a way to see their request updates  
Portfolio of previous work by the company  
Showcase showing images of previous work and reviews on a Carousel 
Request form so the customer can request customer work  
Image Upload Fuction so the customer can send their ideas to the admin  
Pre Check out Calculator so the customer can be quoted prior to purchase    
Admin Panel so admin can see requests from Customer and revert  
Review Form after customer Purchases giving option to add their image to sites showcase  
Navbar/Footer/Social Media Links  


## Technologies Used  
The Project was built using the Following Technologies  
Bootstrap 4  
Font Awesome 5
Python 3.5.3  
Django 1.11  
dj-database-url - Used to Connect to PostgreSQL Database    
psycopg2 - PostgreSQL Adaptor for Python  
Heroku - Hosting Platform      


## Testing  

## Depolyment  

## Credits

### Content  

### Media  

### Acknowledgements

Commit message:

Added admin panel wireframe and user quote form wireframe to UX

Readme.md, after:

# 3lite Design  
Milestone 4 Project for Code Institute  
This project is designed to showcase a Fullstack Website for a Graphic Design Company  
It allows them to Showcase their Portfolio and sell there products directly to customers.  

## Travis Build Status
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/jsnbly/milestone4.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/jsnbly/milestone4)  

## UX  

Landing Page Wireframe -  https://github.com/jsnbly/milestone4/tree/master/UX/wireframes/index.png  
Admin Landing Wireframe - https://github.com/jsnbly/milestone4/tree/master/UX/wireframes/adminlanding.png  
User Quote Form Wireframe - https://github.com/jsnbly/milestone4/tree/master/UX/wireframes/qform.png   



## Features  
User Account Registration to allow users to save items for purchase and have a way to see their request updates  
Portfolio of previous work by the company  
Showcase showing images of previous work and reviews on a Carousel   
Request form so the customer can request custom work  
Image Upload Fuction so the customer can send their ideas to the admin  
Pre Check out Calculator so the customer can be quoted prior to purchase    
Admin Panel so admin can see requests from Customer and revert  
Review Form after customer Purchases giving option to add their image to sites showcase  
Navbar/Footer/Social Media Links  


## Technologies Used  
The Project was built using the Following Technologies  
Bootstrap 4  
Font Awesome 5
Python 3.5.3  
Django 1.11  
Postgres DB  
dj-database-url - Used to Connect to PostgreSQL Database    
psycopg2 - PostgreSQL Adaptor for Python  
Stripe API (For Payments)  
Heroku - Hosting Platform  
Balsamiq for Wireframing        


## Testing  

## Deployment  

## Credits

### Content  

### Media  

### Acknowledgements
